INTMDB-587: New Feature: Backup Compliance Policy Support (#1127)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/r/cloud_backup_schedule.html.markdown

-> **API Key Access List** This resource requires an Atlas API Access Key List to utilize this feature. This means to manage this resources you must have the IP address or CIDR block that the Terraform connection is coming from added to the Atlas API Key Access List of the Atlas API key you are using. See [Resources that require API Key List](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/configure-api-access/#use-api-resources-that-require-an-access-list) for details.

> -> **NOTE:** If Backup Compliance Policy is enabled for the project for which this backup schedule is defined you cannot modify the backup schedule for an individual cluster below the minimum requirements set in the Backup Compliance Policy.  See [Backup Compliance Policy Prohibited Actions and Considerations](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup/cloud-backup/backup-compliance-policy/#configure-a-backup-compliance-policy).

Reviewer: Add a comma
```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** If Backup Compliance Policy is enabled for the project for which this backup schedule is defined, you cannot modify the backup schedule for an individual cluster below the minimum requirements set in the Backup Compliance Policy.  See [Backup Compliance Policy Prohibited Actions and Considerations](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup/cloud-backup/backup-compliance-policy/#configure-a-backup-compliance-policy).
```

> -> **NOTE:** If you enable a Backup Compliance Policy, no user, regardless of role, can disable the Backup Compliance Policy without contacting MongoDB support, delete a backup snapshot, decrease the retention time for a snapshot after it's taken, disable Cloud Backup, modify the backup policy for an individual cluster below the minimum requirements set in the Backup Compliance Policy, or delete the Atlas project if any snapshots exist. For full list of impacts and more details see [Backup Compliance Policy Prohibited Actions and Considerations](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup/cloud-backup/backup-compliance-policy/#configure-a-backup-compliance-policy).

Reviewer 2: Like in the policy docs itself I would make this specific to the resource the note is in.  Something like:
```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** If Backup Compliance Policy is enabled for the project for which this backup schedule is defined you cannot modify the backup schedule for an individual cluster below the minimum requirements set in the Backup Compliance Policy.  See [Backup Compliance Policy Prohibited Actions and Considerations](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup/cloud-backup/backup-compliance-policy/#configure-a-backup-compliance-policy).
```

Reviewer 3: updated all other resources where we called out and made NOTE specific to that resource

> -> **NOTE:** With Backup Compliance Policy enabled, cluster backups are retained after a cluster is deleted and backups can be used normally until retention expiration. When Backup Compliance Policy is not enabled, the default, Atlas deletes the cluster's associated backup snapshots when a cluster is terminated. For more details see [Back Up, Restore, and Archive Data](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup-restore-cluster/).  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> -> **NOTE:** If Backup Compliance Policy is disabled and you then terminate a cluster, Atlas deletes the cluster's associated backup snapshots. If however Backup Compliance Policy is enabled, the backup is retained after cluster is deleted and backups can be used normally until retention expiration. For more details see [Back Up, Restore, and Archive Data](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup-restore-cluster/). 

Reviewer 2: I would just put this note on the backup compliance page.  It's just to let users know, that if they have this on they will still have backups available, e.g.:
```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** With Backup Compliance Policy enabled, cluster backups are retained after a cluster is deleted and backups can be used normally until retention expiration. When Backup Compliance Policy is not enabled, the default, Atlas deletes the cluster's associated backup snapshots when a cluster is terminated. For more details see [Back Up, Restore, and Archive Data](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup-restore-cluster/). 
```

Reviewer 3: added to Backup Compliance Policy resource page and deleted from all other related resource pages pages

-> **API Key Access List** This resource requires an Atlas API Access Key List to utilize this feature. This means to manage this resources you must have the IP address or CIDR block that the Terraform connection is coming from added to the Atlas API Key Access List of the Atlas API key you are using. See [Resources that require API Key List](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/configure-api-access/#use-api-resources-that-require-an-access-list) for details.

> -> **NOTE:** If you enable a Backup Compliance Policy, no user, regardless of role, can disable the Backup Compliance Policy without contacting MongoDB support, delete a backup snapshot, decrease the retention time for a snapshot after it's taken, disable Cloud Backup, modify the backup policy for an individual cluster below the minimum requirements set in the Backup Compliance Policy, or delete the Atlas project if any snapshots exist. For more details see (Backup Compliance Policy Prohibited Actions and Considerations)[https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup/cloud-backup/backup-compliance-policy/#configure-a-backup-compliance-policy]. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** If you enable a Backup Compliance Policy, no user, regardless of role, can disable the Backup Compliance Policy without contacting MongoDB support, delete a backup snapshot, decrease the retention time for a snapshot after it's taken, disable Cloud Backup, modify the backup policy for an individual cluster below the minimum requirements set in the Backup Compliance Policy, or delete the Atlas project if any snapshots exist. For full list of impacts and more details see [Backup Compliance Policy Prohibited Actions and Considerations](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup/cloud-backup/backup-compliance-policy/#configure-a-backup-compliance-policy).
```

-> **API Key Access List** This resource requires an Atlas API Access Key List to utilize this feature. This means to manage this resources you must have the IP address or CIDR block that the Terraform connection is coming from added to the Atlas API Key Access List of the Atlas API key you are using. See [Resources that require API Key List](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/configure-api-access/#use-api-resources-that-require-an-access-list) for details.

-> **NOTE:** If Backup Compliance Policy is enabled for the project for which this backup schedule is defined, you cannot modify the backup schedule for an individual cluster below the minimum requirements set in the Backup Compliance Policy.  See [Backup Compliance Policy Prohibited Actions and Considerations](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup/cloud-backup/backup-compliance-policy/#configure-a-backup-compliance-policy).

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
